You don't pay attention to your own face
Who pretended to be cold in front of me in the first place?
How many times can I take the initiative?
When was it not rejected by you?
When have I ever suffered such a grievance?
Even so
What you are doing now
What's the difference between it and the grass on the wall?
What happened to the wallweed?
As long as you can make money
Get everything I want
I didn't do anything.
You can do it, sir, I don't have time to listen to you here
Butler Wan, what pet did I bring you?
Hahaha, as expected of the biological flesh and blood of the family head?
It's like a stove
You are a Wanjia family with no small actions
Master, don't get excited
People die for wealth and birds die for food
You have to understand this sentence
And you know why we did it.
I heard that Huaxing Chamber of Commerce is developing very rapidly now
Go on like this
Build one in a short time
Business miracles are not impossible
But just by you
You can't control such a large scale
Ahahahaha, I haven't thought about it yet.
Give me the Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
What do you want Huaxing Chamber of Commerce to do?
You have other heroes
It seems that you are not stupid.
We want to integrate the next home and Wanjia.
By then, our strength will be strengthened as never before
Hahaha integration
How do you want to fix it hahaha
Miss Xia, why were you transferred again?
They forced me to cooperate with them
I disagree so
You came for me
No one rewards
What kind of personality are you?
Hey, he's not innocent.
He is the daughter of the next family
To take the next home
It has to be him.
It's an outer house and a next home, your big appetite
Sooner or later
Can you swallow it?
No, no, no, someone typed it out outside
How come?
What?
A woman doesn't know we can't beat him
He is strong and foreign